---
layout: archive
title: "CV"
permalink: /cv/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /resume
---

{% include base_path %}

Education
======
* B.S. in Mathematical Statistics, Xiamen University, 2025 (expected)
* Visiting student, University of California, Santa Barbara, 2023 fall


Reseach interest
======
* Machine Learning
* Genomics
* Healthe Data Science & AI4Health

Reseach experience
======
## Apr 2023-Present: Remote RA
### Pittsburgh University, Pittsburgh, PA

* Maintain and debug “EnsDeconv” R package and Shiny app for **cellular deconvolution**. Adding new features including time tolerance and adjusting UI.
* Experimented with multiple models (Cellpose, StarDist) to segment nuclei in immunofluorescence (IF) images. Developed methods to determine cell types by analyzing immunostaining images for specific markers.
* Conducted an extensive study of **spatial transcriptomics** techniques, preparing for comprehensive benchmarking analyses to evaluate and compare different methodologies, with a focus on cell segmentation.

## Dec 2023-Aug 2024: Research Assistant Intern
### National Institute of Health Data Science at **Peking University**, Beijing

Paper under submission: _Real-world Time Series Data-based Analysis of Intraoperative Anaphylaxis_
* Work closely with doctors and medical students to come up with good ideas regarding data-preposseing and details of our paper
* Extract and select features from the raw time series data, train several ML models such ad RF, CatBoost, XGBoost, with a grid search approach, using corss-validation approach.

Work experience
======

## Fall 2023: Data Analysist Intern
### Tencent, Remote
#### Duties included:
* Conducted comprehensive analysis and data cleaning of scrapped User Generated Content (UGC) across major gaming platforms using Python and R. 
* Applied NLP techniques, including word frequency analysis, word clouds, and text clustering, to identify trends and insights within gaming texts. Generated detailed reports highlighting key UGC trends in the gaming industry.

## Summer 2022: Data Analysist Intern
### Gildata, Hangzhou
#### Duties included:
* Utilized SQL to retrieve data and participated in the analysis and production of fund research reports.
* Engaged in data production, audited errors generated by automated data extraction, analyzed the root causes of errors, communicated with team leaders, and successfully proposed solutions.

Skills
======

* Statistical Software
  * Python
  * R
  * SQL
  * Stata

* Language
  * Chinese Mandarin: Mother tone
  * English: Ielts Band 7.5
